Along with working on implemting a text summarization model, we have also spent considerate amont of time on integreating the work done by our parellel team who were also working on the same project. This flowchart depicts the integrated of the non-overlapping functinalities developed by different teams into a single pipelines.

The flow of the work begins with passthe location for text document to getparagraphs funtion defined by team paralegal, which results in a list of nested dictinaries. Each para from the list is then passed through each and every functionalities ahead.

Passing a single para to getner function developed by team gryff returns a set of entities and relations within the para. 

then the para is passed through token ize para which return a optimal set of limits for the projected summary based on the token length of the orginial praagraph, this can be used in the next and the final functionality call summarize.

This fuction utilizes pre-trained bert-model, which ia transformer based application that we have used for text summarization. 
it takes a para  and variable set of limts for the summary for as an input and return and encoded version of the para with a token length in range of the giuven limits.

Then it returns a JSON document for each para in the list of paragraphs b=generated from get paragraphs. It consists of all the major outputs generated by all the teams, which are the para, info related to para sucvh as the Doc-Id, para-id, summary of the para, entitites and relation for the repective para.  

